Improve documentation on hybrid apps support (#411)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: docs/hybrid_applications.md

1. For **errors, resources, and interactions tracking**, SDKs can work in 2 ways:
    - Through _auto-instrumentation_ - Some React classes and methods are modified to automate this.
    - Through _manual instrumentation_ - For example, if you want to report something you consider an error but that is not going to crash the app.
      Auto-instrumentation for JavaScript errors, resources, and interactions can only be started from JavaScript code.
2. You cannot initialize more than one instance of the native `DatadogSDK` because it uses a singleton pattern on the native side. That means that once you initialize the native SDK on the native side or on the ReactNative side (by calling `DdSdkReactNative.initialize`) it is initialized for both.
   This means that you can use _manual instrumentation_ on both sides, but _auto-instrumentation_ will only be activated for the side on which the SDK was initialized.
3. If you try to report Datadog RUM events or logs before the initialization, they and future RUM events and logs will not be sent.
4. You cannot change the `source` attribute of a RUM session, so all your RUM events will appear under the same source.

## Solutions

> ### React Native apps with native content: Initialize the SDK on the React Native

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### React Native apps with native content: Initialize the React Native SDK
```

> Initialize the React Native Datadog SDK for RUM, by following the [official documentation][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To initialize the React Native Datadog SDK for RUM, see the [React Native Monitoring documentation][1].
```

You can mitigate it by creating a queue on the native side to check if the SDK has been initialized before calling it, saving events with their timestamps to replay them once the SDK has been initialized.

> ### Native apps with React Native screensL Initialize the SDK on the native side only

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Native apps with React Native screens: Initialize the SDK on the native side only
```

Initialize the SDK on the native side, by using the official documentation [for iOS][2] and [for Android][3].

#### Instrumenting React Native RUM Views

On iOS, use a `UIKitRUMViewsPredicate` to filter out native views created by your navigation libraries:

```swift
class RNHybridPredicate: UIKitRUMViewsPredicate {
    var defaultPredicate = DefaultUIKitRUMViewsPredicate()

    func rumView(for viewController: UIViewController) -> RUMView? {
        let canonicalClassName = NSStringFromClass(type(of: viewController))
        // Dropping RN Views
        if (canonicalClassName.starts(with: "RN")) {
            return nil
        }

        return defaultPredicate.rumView(for: viewController)
    }
}

// Use it when calling trackUIKitRUMViews
Datadog.Configuration.trackUIKitRUMViews(using: RNHybridPredicate())
```

On Android, use a `ComponentPredicate` to filter out native views created by your navigation libraries:

```kotlin
// Adapt the Fragment type to your View tracking strategy
class RNComponentPredicate : ComponentPredicate<Fragment> {
    override fun accept(component: Fragment): Boolean {
        // Identify and drop react native screen views

>         if (component.javaClass.toString().startsWith("class com.swmansion.rnscreens")) {
>             return false
>         }
>         if (component.javaClass.toString().startsWith("class com.facebook.react")) {

Reviewer 3: I would suggest to use `javaClass.name` instead of `toString()`, which is more common when doing class name lookup.

Also maybe it is worth to add the comment that if reflection is used, ProGuard rules should be added to prevent obfuscation of the target class/packages in the release build, otherwise everything will be working ok in the debug build, but for the release build it will be different result.

```suggestion
        if (component.javaClass.name.startsWith("com.swmansion.rnscreens")) {
            return false
        }
        if (component.javaClass.name.startsWith("com.facebook.react")) {
```

            return false
        }
        return true
    }

    override fun getViewName(component: Fragment): String? {
        return null
    }

    override fun equals(other: Any?): Boolean {
        if (this === other) return true
        if (javaClass != other?.javaClass) return false
        return true
    }

    override fun hashCode(): Int {
        return javaClass.hashCode()

>     }

Reviewer 3: I think we don't need these 2. Yes, there are such methods for built-in implementations of `ComponentPredicate` (they were added in https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-android/pull/521), but if I remember correctly they were added for the proper `Configuration.RUM` comparison in tests. Implementations of `ComponentPredicate` in nightly tests are overriding these methods for example.

/cc @xgouchet

}

// Use it in your configuration
configuration.useViewTrackingStrategy(FragmentViewTrackingStrategy(true, RNComponentPredicate()))
```

Then use `@datadog/mobile-react-navigation` to track your views.

> #### Instrumenting React Native errors, interactions and resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Instrumenting React Native errors, interactions, and resources
```

> Wrap your React Native app with the `DatadogProvider` component to automatically register React Native RUM errors, interactions and resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wrap your React Native app with the `DatadogProvider` component to automatically register React Native RUM errors, interactions, and resources:
```

```javascript
const configuration = {
    trackResources: true,
    trackErrors: true,
    trackInteractions: true
};

const RNApp = props => {
    useEffect(() => {
        /**
         * In here we can put fake values. The only goal of this call
         * is to empty the buffer of RUM events.
         */
        DatadogProvider.initialize({
            clientToken: 'fake_value',
            env: 'fake_value',
            applicationId: 'fake_value'
        });
    }, []);
    const navigationRef = useRef(null);

    return (
        <DatadogProvider configuration={configuration}>
            {/* Content of your app goes here */}
        </DatadogProvider>
    );
};

AppRegistry.registerComponent('RNApp', () => RNApp);
```

To remove duplicated interactions on Android, filter out the React Native interactions on the native side with an `EventMapper`:

```kotlin
class RNActionEventMapper : EventMapper<ActionEvent> {
    override fun map(event: ActionEvent): ActionEvent? {
        var targetClassName = (event.context?.additionalProperties?.get("action.target.classname") as? String)

>         if(targetClassName?.startsWith("com.facebook.react") == true) {

Reviewer 3: same: package name can be obfuscated, we need to add the reminder to put in place Proguard rules then if we rely on that.
